- [Instructor] So just like we did with Python,
now we're going to take a look
at some of those bucket-level operations that we can use,
that are most common to the s decay.
Once again, return to our application class,
and we're going to create a couple methods.
So, the first one, will return a list of string objects,
called listFiles.
And we'll pass it a bucket.
Create a new ArrayList.
And then we'll do our try block.
This time we're going to use the ListObjectsRequest.
Once again, we'll use the builder
and we'll pass it the bucket.
Now, we're going to do the ListObjectsResponse.
Call on s3 the listObjects command,
pass it the request.
And now on our response,
we're going to look at the contents,
and we'll call forEach on that.
And I'm going to do a little lambda here on content.key.
So that should build us a list of keys.
We will copy and paste this catch block,
and we'll return our keys when we are done.
So now, for our next method,
which is going to be copying files,
we need to have a sourceBucket and a destinationBucket,
a sourceKey, and a destinationKey.
We'll start our try block.
Okay, so the first thing we're going to do here is
we're going to do a encodedUrl, URLEncoder.encode,
we're going to pass it the sourceBucket, a slash,
the sourceKey, and we'll use
the StandardCharsets.UTF_8.toString.
So, that will give us the URL
that we are going to need to use.
We're then going to create a CopyObjectRequest.
And, once again, there's a builder,
and we need to populate that builder with a copySource,
which will be the encodedUrl,
the destinationBucket, which will be just that,
and the destinationKey, which will be just that.
I'll break this up so it doesn't wrap so much.
Once we've got that done,
we can just call the copyObject method on our s3,
and pass it our request.
Put our catch block in there again.
And now we jumped out into our main method.
Let's delete all of this upload business.
And let's copy files,
we'll copy the file from the primary bucket,
to the transient bucket,
and we'll use F3.
And then we will call listFiles,
pass it the primary bucket name.
Now, there's one thing that we should do here.
Let's jump back up into our list method.
After we have our keys,
I want to put a LOGGER message in here,
so we're going to add info message to our LOGGER,
and we're going to say,
"Number of files in bucket",
and we will do a keys.size,
and that way, we can get some sort of an output.
So, let's go ahead and run our method.
And you'll see that we have a number of files
in bucket is three,
because we looked at the primary bucket,
when we listed files, not when we copied.
So, that's why we got three in there.
So, we copied one,
but we had three in there from the previous video,
so that's what they're at.